---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nps_workshop_file_access_rule Resource - nps"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The nps_workshop_file_access_rule resource manages File Access Rules.
  Management of file access rules requires the read:rules and write:rules permissions.
---

# nps_workshop_file_access_rule (Resource)

The `nps_workshop_file_access_rule` resource manages File Access Rules.

Management of file access rules requires the `read:rules` and `write:rules` permissions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# A file access rule that only allows specific processes to access certain paths
resource "nps_workshop_file_access_rule" "ChromeCookies" {
  name              = "ChomeCookies"
  tag               = "global"
  rule_type         = "PathsWithAllowedProcesses"
  allow_read_access = false
  block_violations  = true

  path_prefixes = [
    "/Users/*/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/*/Cookies",
  ]

  process_signing_ids = [
    "EQHXZ8M8AV:com.google.Chrome*"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for this file access rule. Rule names are unique per-tag.
- `rule_type` (String) The type of this file access rule. The possible values are: `PathsWithAllowedProcesses`, `PathsWithDeniedProcesses`, `ProcessesWithAllowedPaths`, `ProcessesWithDeniedPaths`.
- `tag` (String) The tag for this file access rule. The tag determines which hosts this rule will apply to. The tag must already exist in Workshop.

### Optional

- `allow_read_access` (Boolean) Whether to allow read access for files matching this rule.
- `block_message` (String) A custom message to display to the user when this rule blocks file access.
- `block_violations` (Boolean) Whether to block violations of this file access rule.
- `enable_silent_mode` (Boolean) Enable silent mode for this rule.
- `enable_silent_tty_mode` (Boolean) Enable silent TTY mode for this rule.
- `event_detail_text` (String) Custom text to display for the event detail link.
- `event_detail_url` (String) A custom URL to redirect the user to when viewing details about a file access event. Setting a custom URL will override the `EventDetailURL` used by the Open button.
- `path_literals` (List of String) Literal file paths that this rule applies to.
- `path_prefixes` (List of String) Path prefixes that this rule applies to.
- `process_binary_paths` (List of String) Process binary paths that this rule applies to.
- `process_cd_hashes` (List of String) Process CDHashes that this rule applies to.
- `process_certificate_sha256s` (List of String) Process certificate SHA256 hashes that this rule applies to.
- `process_signing_ids` (List of String) Process signing IDs that this rule applies to.
- `process_team_ids` (List of String) Process team IDs that this rule applies to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The automatically generated ID of this file access rule

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import nps_workshop_file_access_rule.example 12345
```
